# 06.02.25 - 2. Session - Ending the day in the Kitchen and forcing myself to stop to go to sleep

## 🔍 Session Overview

- **Duration:** almost 2 hours
- **Room Setup:** Kitchen
- **General Feeling of/after the Session:** excited for more hours long sessions but a bit worried that it might get frustrating if I encounter the same issues

## ⭐ Cool Things I Noticed

1. The "Zoom in" feature felt like it has a lot of potential for.. Something? Maybe flying around would be cool for this mode
2. Being able to place multiple items before buying them is really cool! Found it by accident - really nice to plan ahead!

## 🐛 Potential Bugs / Technical Issues

Note: I'll try to submit in-game video-feedback for these later. I have to re-watch the random recordings I've made.

1. items that fell on the ground seemed to disappear after a while. I expected: they pile up into a funny giant pile of iron
2. after "Zooming in/out" some of the UI elements were tiny. But just for a few ones.
3. I was able to place iron in the steel plate thingy by placing it below the black input hole. I wasn't able to get it out after that.
4. The steel plate factory didn't produce anything even though it got 15 iron bars or so
5. The steel plate factory didn't show any "info" when I used the info tool. I tried every part and angle.

## 🙁 Frustrations / UX Issues (subjective!)

1. I'm still not 100% sure how the recording button works. I can press it early to stop a recording - but only the sound stops, the "14 seconds" counter still goes on. I don't know if I'm allowed to touch other items during this time or if it would mess up something
2. It felt like I somehow got way less money than I was supposed to get. I didn't keep track of it, but it felt like I made no money of the iron bars. I'll watch that in future

## 💡 Suggestions & Improvements

1. A dedicated "End Game" button would be nice. I felt unsure after the long session. Synth Riders has one, and it gives a good "I can take of the Quest now" feeling.
2. A bit of stabilizing when recording the drone paths. It's fun to have wild paths, but they get shaky when trying to be really accurate
3. Table Item: Ability to resize the table would be nice. (I do acknowledge that it would probably some things too easy.)
4. Table Item: Ability to make it invisible/transparent/lighter color. It felt like it creates a big black hole in my tiny kitchen.
5. The steel plate factory feels super expensive. Maybe I did something wrong or wasn't focused on making money enough, but it felt like forever and the moment I destroyed it
   (because I didn't get any steel plates out of it for some reason) I quit the game for the moment because I knew how long it would take to get a second one

## 👀 Interesting Observations & Random Notes

1. Watching YouTube while playing was exactly as fun as I hoped it would be!
2. Re-centering the room and leaving the room during the game worked without any issues. Sometimes it took up to 3 re-centering, but it worked fine.
3. I didn't understand the "shipment ready" event. Maybe I missed the explanation, but I'm not sure if I got the money on top of it was a summary of what I got producing it or something.
4. Even though I played for hours, it felt like I didn't really archive much. It got me a bit worried about possibly starting a new game after that
